They don't know that we know they know we know.
And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
I remember what it was like to love you because I still do.
Have you ever come to hate the very thing that you helped to create?
You have the power to heal your life. and you need to know that.
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
When you find that once again you long to take your heart back and be free. if you ever find a moment, spare a thought for me.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
You are what you are and you are where you are because of what has gone into your mind. You change what you are and you change where you are by changing what goes into your mind.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
Bother me, tell me awful things. You know I love it when you move that on me, love it when you do that on me.
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
I know its a mistake. But there are certain things in life where you know it's a mistake, but you don't really know it's a mistake, because the only way to really know it's a mistake is to make the mistake.
Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
So you need to know things, even when you don't need to know them. You need to know them not because you need to know them, but because you need to know whether or not you need to know.
And if you don't need to know you still need to know so that you know that there was no need to know.
There was never any more inception than there is none nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
When you dance the dance of another, you make yourself in the image of its creator. You empty yourself so that her work can live within you.
That was what I wanted. but I don't need it to be gone. I can love you and I can love life and bear the pain all at the same time. I think the pain might even make the rest better, the way a good setting can make a diamond look better.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
You never should settle for the lifetime that is handed to you. There's always a line to be cut and someone to barrel through. And if you should find that you're about to get the short of the stick, take what you want, return what you get.
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?
I want to be very small. and I want you to put me in your pocket, and I wanna stay there and you can just reach in whenever you want and just pat me on the head.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.